# Internet-of-things-training-in-Malaysia
IoT – Internet of Things is a relatively new concept in Malaysia. As the potential of IoT is vast, the government of Malaysia decided to encourage the IoT technologies across different industries. With strong support from the government, locally based enterprises would find it easier to adopt and develop IoT technologies in their productions and daily operations.  Firstly, as Malaysia is preparing to join the wave of countries currently immersed in Industry 4.0, especially in its manufacturing and heavy industry sector, the government is pushing for more budget allocation for Industry 4.0. Moreover, with the current strong support from the government, more enterprises, especially SMEs, will be encouraged to adopt IoT technologies in their production, such as remote monitoring or automation.  To create a national ecosystem to enable the proliferation of use and industrialization of IoT as a new source of economic growth. IoT has the ability to transfer data over a network without requiring interaction by human-to-human or human-to-computer and interrelated mechanical and digital machines, computing devices, objects, animals or people that are provided with sole identifiers. It creates the information and knowledge to boost human intelligence, and productivity to enhance the quality of life.  IoT technology in Malaysia is based on two major market trends market and technology. The effect of these trends will enhance productivity, optimize resources by implementing new technology while maintaining individual needs. The economic potential of IoT for Malaysia is expected to experience exponential growth beyond 2020. Technology opportunities can be created by IoT in Malaysia with forecast technology opportunities for application and services, and device producers.  Agriculture, healthcare, manufacturing, and transportation are sectors that are identified to have the most potential for IoT deployment in Malaysia. National IoT Strategic Roadmap aimed at nurturing a national ecosystem, Malaysia has articulated plans to get in on the IoT game and make Malaysia a regional IoT development hub. The roadmap estimates that Malaysia has a strong base in giving the well-developed telecommunications infrastructure, vibrant electrical and electronics industry, policy incentives and frameworks for intellectual property and cybersecurity protection to spur IoT domestically.  With knowledge of IoT becoming a necessary skill set for data scientists in Malaysia, the IoT training in Malaysia is ideal for professionals and fresher’s looking to enter the field of automated products and communication interfaces. Focusing on data capture, storage and data analytics, embedded electronics and client-server architecture, the course guides students to be adept at carving practical applications for modern day industries.  In IoT training, participants will discuss the Internet of Things (IoT) framework for the digital transformation and IoT strategic leadership. With ExcelR, You will gain an intensive overview of IoT in this new evolution in the sensor, cloud, and big data.  In Internet of Things training, you will be able to design independent IoT devices for sectors like retail, manufacturing and construction, understand the advantages of cloud storage, understand IoT communication protocols, comprehend IoT architecture and modern microcontrollers for data capture and signal relaying, make hardware compatible MCUs, set up a HTTP server and able to deploy python modules for basic data analytics.  The Internet of Things training (IoT training) in Malaysia is suitable for the people with good exposure towards IoT technology will be the best catch for the Industry and the people who are business analysts, technical architects, software engineers, IT managers, executives, and entrepreneurs can do this IoT training.  
